W-16001324 Update policies-flex-dataweave-support.adoc with default operator (#598)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-flex-dataweave-support.adoc

* xref:dataweave::dw-operators.adoc#logical_operators[`and`]
* xref:dataweave::dw-operators.adoc#logical_operators[`or`]

> == Available Default Operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[available-default-operators]]
== Available Default Operators
```

** `payload`

* xref:dataweave::dataweave-variables-context.adoc[`vars`]

> ** Check each xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[provided policy] documentation for available variables 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
** Individual policies support different sets of variables. For information, refer to the policies listed in xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[].
```
